Feature 107 (#109)
cloudhut/kowl: docs/installation.md

While Kowl was written to be deployed in Kubernetes it does not have any specific dependencies. You can run it with any other container orchestrator or on bare metal.

### Hosting and Proxies

> If you want to, you can host Kowl under a sub path (so for example `domain.com/some/sub/path` instead of `domain.com/`).
> See the [this document](./config/hosting.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to host Kowl under a sub path (e.g. `domain.com/some/sub/path` instead of `domain.com/`) take a look at [/docs/config/hosting.md](./config/hosting.md) for more information.
```
